# 偏向锁 - 单个线程独享锁，没有其它线程竞争锁，可优化为避免获取锁时的同步开销

Since most objects（lock锁） are locked by at most one thread during their lifetime, we allow that thread to bias an object toward itself. 

Once biased, that thread can subsequently lock and unlock the object without resorting to expensive atomic instructions. 

##### Obviously, an object can be biased toward at most one thread at any given time.
 
(We refer to that thread as the bias holding thread). 

##### If another thread tries to acquire a biased object, however, we need to revoke（收回） the bias from the original thread.

In the case of biased locking -- since we know that the object is unshared -- it's reasonable to assume that the actions of the bias holding thread would keep cache lines underlying the object's lock word and data in.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Essentially, if your objects are locked only by one thread, the VM can make an optimization and "bias" that object to that thread in such a way that subsequent atomic operations on the object incurs no synchronization cost.

The actual synchronization overhead will only kick in once another thread tries to obtain a lock on the object.

一旦有另一个线程尝试获取对象的锁定，实际的同步开销将只能按原有的锁开销进行。
也就是说，只有1个线程申请锁，没有别的线程与其争抢，则使用偏向锁可提高性能。

### -XX:+UseBiasedLocking 
-XX:+UseBiasedLocking Enables a technique for improving the performance of uncontended synchronization. 

An object is "biased" toward the thread which first acquires its monitor via a monitorenter bytecode or synchronized method invocation; subsequent monitor-related operations performed by that thread are relatively much faster on multiprocessor machines. 

Some applications with significant amounts of uncontended synchronization may attain significant speedups with this flag enabled（具有大量无争用同步的某些应用程序可以在启用此标志的情况下实现显着的加速）; 

some applications with certain patterns of locking may see slowdowns, though attempts have been made to minimize the negative impact.（某些具有某种锁定模式的应用程序可能会看到速度减慢，尽管已尝试尽量减少负面影响）

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
There are two distinct concepts here.
  1. Fast-path and Slow-path code
  2. Uncontended and Contended synchronization

### Slow-path vs Fast-path code
This is another way to identify the producer of the machine specific binary code.
With HotSpot VM, slow-path code is binary code produced by a C++ implementation, where fast-path code means code produced by JIT compiler.
In general sense, fast-path code is a lot more optimised. To fully understand JIT compilers wikipedia is a good place to start.

### Uncontended and Contended synchronization
Java's synchronization construct (Monitors) have the concept of ownership. When a thread tries to lock (gain the ownership of) the monitor, it can either be locked (owned by another thread) or unlocked.

Uncontended synchronization happens in two different scenarios:
  1. Unlocked Monitor (ownership gained strait away - 直接获得了所有权)
  2. Monitor already owned by the same thread （同一个线程已经获取到了Monitor对象资源）

Contended synchronization, means the thread will be blocked until the owner thread release the monitor lock.


